# Contributions

Briefly describe how each team member has contributed to the project. It goes without saying that every team members should have a good grasp of all parts of the submission.

**Init**

Tim set up the git repo.

**Task 1.1**

Huzaifa came up with the skeleton for this task, which was slightly changed by Tim and Huzaifa in Paircoding, since the "old" implementation had a suboptimal depth according to the forum.
Sebastian added some (randomized) tests.

**Task 1.2**

Sebastian explained the task to Huzaifa and Tim and in groupwork (in the GHH) we managed to derive our concept, which was implemented by Tim and tested by Sebastian.

**Task 1.3**

Sebastian explained to Tim and Huzaifa what the core idea behind the task was. Huzaifa and Tim visited the office hour to get a deeper understanding of it. Over night Tim had a dream or something and came up with the concept, which he immediatly implemented, which worked instantly. Sebastian and Huzaifa added some more tests cases to the already existing one.

**Task 1.4**
Sebastian implemented and tested the Fixed/Sequential Rotater.


**Task 2.1**
Group work in GHH where we went through the code together and tried understanding the different components of the RISC_V processor.

**Task 2.2**
Tim and Sebastian implemented JAL and JALR, but had some errors built in, therefore all three of us went to the Office hour to resolve the issue, which was some syntax error at the end and a wrong understanding of the masking.

**Task 2.3**
Sebastian added the LOAD adaptions in the decoder / control unit, and Tim completed later the execution unit for it.

**Task 2.4**
This task was solved 90% by Huzaifa, Tim removed and fixed the warnings for DontCare.

**Task 2.5**
Huzaifa again came up with the skeleton, which was fixed by Tim (again the DontCare problem and its following problems). Debugging for the last error in our implementation happened together on Monday in the bib.

**OVERALL**
Whenever we encountered some issues whilst programming we took a look at the problem together and tried some different approaches. 

# Use of AI tools

Did you use any AI tools for the project? If so, which tools did you use?

Yes we did. We used ChatGPT and CoPilot. All of us were asking questions in a format similar to:
"This is the task. This is my interpretation of it. Is this so far correct?","Explain me this  code snippet"....
**NO ONE** copied / used code, which was generated by any AI.

## Problem 2.6: Bonus

Please specify here how you approached this task, i.e. how do you ensure correctness and how did you optimize the generated code?

The bonus task was mainly tackled by Tim. He had a brute-force approach, which simulates each rotation and checks then further for other operations. However, this approach is highly inefficient, and there was no time to further optimize it.
